Professor Dahm -

As per our conversation this afternoon I wanted to follow up with the email
regarding my TA performance and the allegation of gross negligence of my
duties and responsibilities. 

1. I was assigned to work 20hrs per week which include:
   
    8.5 hrs recitation
    4.0 hrs office hours
    2.0 hrs lecture
    1.0 hrs weekly meetings

Leaving 4.5 hrs a week to perform miscellaneous weekly duties such as; scan
quizzes (pre-COVID), answer emails from students, assign grading
assignments, grading (occasionally), assist other TAs/graders and
addressing their questions, prepare for recitation and lectures, cover
lectures (occasionally), proctor exams and make quizzes, proctor exams and
quizzes for DRC students that require extra time outside of lecture, and
help coordinate and distribute supplies for the honors project (Fall only).
I would agree that each one of these additional task individually do not
take up much time, however when managing ~400/~250 (Fall/Spring) students
and ~10 TAs and graders anyone of these task can become very time consuming
and would routinely lead me to work over my scheduled time. 

I constantly did the best I could to attend the above meetings as well as
perform all my duties as a lead TA, however my main priority at ASU is to
earn a doctoral degree. Thus there were some weeks I had to maintain a
strict 20hr work week to keep up with my research obligations.  

2. My work duties and assignment were never formally presented to me, all
of my responsibilities were assigned orally and when assigned I always did
my best to have them completed in a timely manner. Most of my
responsibilities were implied (e.g., assign grading assignment, distribute
notes, scan quizzes, etc.,), however occasionally during the staff weekly
meetings, which included the professors and myself, I would be assigned
additional task which I always completed in a timely manner. 

Admittedly there were time when I was late, most notably on 3/6 when I
slept through my alarm and missed a large part of recitation, but this was
not a habit and communicated with the other TA what had happen. 

I want to close with the stating that I never had any complaints about my
work or was given a formal warning. I have TAed with various other
professors before including:

    a. Professor Jay Oswald (Fall 2019)
    b. Professor Jay Patel  (Fall 2019)
    c. Professor Houlong Zhuang (Spring 2020)
    d. Professor Luis Bocanegra (Fall 2016)

and not once had a complaint about my performance. I assure you that when I
was assigned a task or duty I always completed in a timely professional
manner and these allegations of gross negligence of my work duties are
false.

Very Respectfully

- Emilio Torres

